tests: add self test framework (#4884)
iovisor/bpftrace: tests/self/README.md

# Self tests

> Each of this files should container test probes for the standard library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these files should contain only test probes for the standard library.
```

Author: I'll make this change ahead of submitting, if the rest looks good plz approve and I will clean up and submit together.
